[HIROTO]
The little girl is Hina Sato.
She's Doctor Korogi's
granddaughter.
She has a congenital
neurological condition
called Logos Syndrome,
but it seems like
she's fully recovered.
Except that shouldn't
be possible
according to current
medical science.
Meaning Doctor Korogi's
final research project
was to save her.
How would he have
pulled that off though?
I couldn't say.
But his work was about much more
than computer
science, obviously.
It touched on materials science,
electrical engineering,
even medicine and linguistics.
And it somehow resulted in
a cure for Logos Syndrome?
We're still missing
a couple of steps here.
[HIROTO]
After the doctor passed on,
Hina went to live with
Mister and Missus Narukami,
two former students of his.
I'm sure he arranged that.
Makes sense.
What's bizarre is that
nobody's done anything
to conceal her existence.
The other weird thing is
this Yota Narukami
kid's involvement.
Senior at Mikuriya
Public High School.
Basketball player.
I've dug through
his online history
along with all his connections,
and everything about him
says "basic teenage boy."
And then suddenly he
comes out of nowhere
with this PR guy schtick,
saves a ramen restaurant,
and gets a huge chunk
of free airtime.
So, sounds pretty legit?
No.
[HIROTO]
Then he takes out the top
mahjong players in the country,
after walking over everybody
in the online prelims.
And you believe Hina Sato
played a part in this somehow.
I'm gonna keep working on it.
[HIROTO humming]
Wha‐‐ Coincidence?
No. There's a logic to it.
These were all clearly
intentional actions.
But no one could have calculated
these outcomes. No way.
[HIROTO]
No! Impossible!
But then, when I factor
in everything we know
about the professor
and his work,
it's the only answer
that makes any sense!
There has to be some more
precise information out there!
[CEO 03A] It seems implausible
on the face of it.
[RAITA] Agreed. But the doctor
had the knowledge, skills,
and funding to make it work.
[CEO 03A] If it's true,
this would change
the current world order,
or rather, upend it entirely.
What was he after?
Yeah. Good question.
But we do know
the implications of it.
The world is a network of
networks and this technology
offers a master key to it all.
Total, global
information supremacy.
In other words,
the omniscience of a god.
Okay, found it! There it is!
[HIROTO'S FATHER] Good job.
Now transfer the money.
Don't screw this up, kid.
Uh‐huh.
[HIROTO]
Transfer complete!
[HIROTO'S FATHER]
Hey!
[HIROTO'S MOTHER]
It's done.
Give my regards to the
branch manager, please.
[HIROTO'S MOTHER] You did
such a great job today, Hiroto!
Good boy!
[HIROTO'S FATHER]
Best son a couple could ask for!
I don't care if you want to!
Do you get how fucked
we are if you don't?
We're already neck deep.
We can't back out!
Please, stop this.
What we're doing
isn't right, Dad!
You've known from the
start what we're doing,
so why's it a problem now?
Don't act like your hands
are clean in all this!
[HIROTO'S MOTHER]
We are your parents.
Do you wanna see us
thrown in jail? Huh?
[HIROTO gasps]
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
[phone ringing]
[HIROTO'S MOTHER]
Yes. Yes. Forgive us.
Yes, sir, immediately!
[HIROTO'S FATHER]
Listen, you little shit!
[HIROTO groaning]
[HIROTO'S FATHER sighs] Don't
you care what happens to us?
There are no second chances!
[HIROTO]
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
[gasps] A nightmare.
Shit. I feel like
I could throw up.
[door opens]
What'd you run off
for all of a sudden?
You've reached a conclusion?
Think so.
Then you're going to
report it directly to the CEO.
[HIROTO]
Sure, whatever. First, takoyaki.
So, how was your day?
It's taken a rather
unpleasant turn.
A chip‐size quantum
computer that's capable of
operating at standard
temperature and pressure.
It's been in development and
still somehow, nobody knew.
[chuckles] You think
that's crazy,
what if I told you there was
already one out there?
Is that true?
Now here's my proposal!
[TOP BRASS 03A]
That's not why you're here!
[CEO 03A]
I'm listening.
We get the quantum computer,
and you let me analyze it.
This might be the
single most important
technological
breakthrough in history,
and it's practically
within our grasp!
Let's go! I can make
this work for you!
Better than anyone!
Let me handle it and the
whole world could be yours!
[CEO 03A]
There will be no analysis.
Your job is to find
Doctor Korogi's
quantum computer
and report back.
Go, young Mister
Suzuki. Do your job.
[HIROTO]
Like hell.
Why do you damn suits keep
putting my talent to waste?!
Why'd you lock me
away in that place?
Why do you throw
all the grunt work at me?
Screw that!
If people realized
what I'm capable of,
they would bow down
and worship me!
But your heads are
too far up your asses
to see what's in front of you!
Easy.
Bite me, lapdog!
[HIROTO groans]
I warned you.
You don't talk
that way to the CEO,
do you understand me?
[HIROTO]
All of you adults are the same.
Making me live my whole
life inside a cage,
and on a leash
when you let me out.
'Cause you haven't got
the brainpower to keep up.
A bunch of greedy pigs
who can't deal with
a kid being smarter than you!
You little‐‐
‐‐That's enough.
‐‐Ma'am.
Our goal for you is
to see your talents
used for a beneficial purpose.
And I personally want to
keep you off the dark path
you were on when we first met.
I genuinely wish
for you to do good.
I'm going back
to my workstation.
A wise choice.
[HIROTO]
What is this?
It's like I'm a
glorified IT guy to them.
I don't believe that's
the sentiment our CEO
was trying to convey to you.
Dunno what else it would be.
[RAITA] It's hard to
fully express, but...
Maybe affection?
Honestly, why do you
talk like such an old man?
Although. I have enjoyed it.
Sniffing him out.
[HIROTO] The quantum computer
is out there somewhere
in the ocean of information.
Otherwise it's
hardly a computer,
it's just a fancy calculator.
[HIROTO] He was a genius,
but I've tracked him this far.
There's no way I don't find it.
Diving now. Hiroto Suzuki!
Come on. We've turned
the place into a dump.
An ocean should be
a soup of life.
Not this mess.
How selfish can sapience be,
that it twists nature like this
to better suit its needs?
Hey there, buddy.
Did you get lost?
Where are you goin', huh?
[dolphin squeaks]
Got it. You're prob'ly gonna
wanna head toward the shallows.
[dolphin squeaks]
[HIROTO] It's not always
safe down at this depth.
You can run into all
kinds of people down here.
Dangerous people.
[squeaks]
Cool, you're all set now.
Take it easy, kay?
It's farther down.
I've still gotta go deeper.
I've definitely
gone in pretty deep.
Hey there.
How did a tiny little thing like
you find yourself way down here?
You're swimming in
some dangerous waters.
I'm not sure why
you're here, but...
Something isn't right.
Could you be malicious code?
'Cause if that's it,
you gotta go!
What could you be? [gasps]
No. It isn't you.
It's what's behind you!
Show yourself!
And if you don't,
I'll just have to make you!
What is this? My attack just
rolled right off of it.
This thing deciphered it
and broke it down
like it was nothing!
What could have done that?
It has to be a program
Shuichiro Korogi left!
[HIROTO]
That goldfish is the key.
That's where all
his secrets are kept!
You won't get away!
I can't fail.
This is the only thing
I'm any good for!
If I lose here,
I won't have anybody left!
Where are they?
You say "they," you mean...
Those things I spawned out of.
So your parents. Sorry to say...
[HIROTO cackling]
That's what you get!
For birthing me!
And then raising me.
And dirtying my hands.
And for beating and berating me!
That's what you get for trying
to turn me into your damn tool!
Finally, you're burning for it!
What a pitiable thing.
I know! It's exactly
how they deserved to go!
[HIROTO chuckles]
[HIROTO] That's why I
still have to prove myself!
I have to know that
I'm worth something!
[gasps]
[HIROTO gasps]
[HIROTO] No! Anything is
possible for me.
I'm the strongest one
in this world!
I can't lose now.
I have to know I'm
more than just a tool!
This power is all I have!
If I fail here, there's no
reason for me to exist!
I have to reach you,
even just barely.
The slightest touch
is enough! I have to!
[HIROTO screams]
[gasps]
Hey, what's up?
A storm is nigh.
Really? I didn't see that.
Indeed. A great tempest.
[YOTA gasps]
[SORA] Oh no! Hurry,
keep the equipment dry!
[ASHURA]
Yes, ma'am!
[CEO 03A] In short,
that girl has the chip in here?
[RAITA]
Yes.
And the result is that she's
able to live a healthy life.
It seems the quantum computer
is completely negating
the brain atrophy induced
by her Logos Syndrome.
[CEO 03A]
Right.
So this was the end goal
of his research?
Correct.
[CEO 03A]
To let his granddaughter
experience the world.
He made that his sole purpose.
He was willing to give the last
years of his life for hers.
And this is what came of it.
[HIROTO]
What's gonna happen to her now?
Your role in this is over.
You're dismissed.
[HIROTO] Do you intend to
take it out of her? Answer me.
‐‐[TOP BRASS 03A] Hey!
‐‐[CEO 03A] Stop.
That isn't our decision
to make anymore.
This is now a bigger issue than
any one corporation can resolve.
Our next orders
come from higher up.
But now‐‐
Take him away!
Let go! Are you
really gonna do this
with everything
that I've given you?
It was my work!
Why aren't you
giving me any say?
Your powers of calculation
and her Logos Syndrome
set you both apart from
the population at large.
Should their futures
be determined by you?
Stop talking around it!
All you people do
is lie! I'm not done!
Get your hands off me,
you bastards!
[HIROTO groans]
You really overstepped.
Stay here and cool your head.
[PRIVATE SECURITY OFFICER 09A]
Hm? Should we take that?
No. He just needs a little time.
Right.
[HIROTO]
Friggin' hurts. Dammit.
I dug her up.
It's my fault they
know where to find her.
Least I can do...
[HIROTO] ...is let her
know they're coming!
Close one.
Well, the equipment's
all been packed.
We're good to pick it up later.
So, thank you, Hina.
Sorry.
Huh? It's not like it's your
fault that it started raining.
Not that. I fear my foresight
hath been gravely amiss
from the moment I met thee.
Are you saying you
got something wrong?
Yes, with regard to
the end of the world.
Uh, you mean the end isn't nigh?
Alas. An end yet cometh,
as I foretold.
Well, darn it.
[HINA] However, the only world
that will end shall be mine.
[ALL]
Huh?
What I could see of the world
ended 30 days after we met,
and so I thought there was
no more of it to be seen.
In this I erred,
for in your eyes
it shall go on turning unslowed.
Hey, back up!
What do you mean when you say
your world is going to end?
[HINA] This whole time,
Grampa has been protecting me.
[YOTA] Grampa? Like,
your real grandfather?
[HINA] Indeed. For he
truly did attain godhood.
But a certain youth hath
learned the way of deicide
and thereby slain
my great protector,
and remorse now hangeth
heavy upon the boy's heart.
His pain hath been
freshly revealed to me,
and in the light
of his sentiment,
so too have I come
to better see myself.
Thank you for
being there, Grampa.
I still don't understand.
Just what are you
telling me right now, Hina?
Hear me. I alone
shall disappear.
What is this?
Why does it feel like
you're saying goodbye?
This shall be the only
chance we have.
Why would it?
For humankind shall
declare it to be so.
That doesn't make sense!
They now assemble.
As a species, humanity is not
equipped to deal with this.
[ORGANIZATION MEMBER 09A]
Approved.
Now they take their count.
This represents a threat
to order the world over.
[ORGANIZATION MEMBER 09A]
Approved.
They place seals in turn.
As long as it exists out in
society, no one can be secure.
[ORGANIZATION MEMBER 09A]
Approved.
They are of the same mind.
Korogi was an
unparalleled genius.
This could be catastrophic.
[ORGANIZATION MEMBER 09A]
Approved.
[HINA]
None wavers among them.
It's too great a power
to be held in check,
we've no choice
but to eliminate it.
[ORGANIZATION MEMBER 09A]
Approved.
By unanimous agreement,
the computer will be removed
from Hina Sato's body.
For the good of all,
its existence will be concealed
until humanity at
large has attained
an equivalent level
of technology.
'Tis so declared.
What's declared?
[door opens]
[ALL gasp]
Who are these guys?
They're not cops.
I'm sure of that much.
We'll be taking the child.
What child? Wait, Hina?
She's our only priority.
Please hand her over.
We don't wanna hurt you.
Yota!
Hey, hold on!
Just grab Hina and run!
[YOTA]
But. But I‐‐
Right now! I can tell somehow.
These men are gonna hurt her!
[HIKARI]
Me, too.
I don't know how,
but I'm sure that Kyoko's right!
Yeah, same.
Whoever these creeps are,
it's up to us to hold 'em back!
[KAKO] Agreed. I don't know
where they came from,
but I'm damn sure
they're the bad guys.
Ready, guards?
[LOAN SHARK 03A, CRONY 04A]
Hell yeah! We got these jerks!
Broseph. Grab Hina!
[YOTA]
You guys.
Okay. Good luck!
[HINA gasps]
Wait. Yota!
[MAN 09A]
Get them!
[LOAN SHARK 03A]
Halt! You'll not pass!
En garde!
[HINA gasps]
Whither goest thou?
As far as I possibly can,
somewhere they won't find you!
Wherefore?
Please tell me, Yota! Answer!
[YOTA gasps]
[HINA]
Why?
How couldn't I?
Hina. I'm trying to protect you!
But why?
Why wager thy
wellbeing for my sake?
'Cause I...
I've had so much
fun this summer.
It's like I've been through a
lifetime's worth of experiences
in just a month.
All of that is
because I met you.
My time with you
has been incredible!
And so I want that time
to go on forever!
Is that a dumb reason?
Call me a fool or
a buffoon or a blaggard.
I want to hear that right now!
And when summer ends,
when fall and winter pass and
we carry on to the new year,
I still want you
there at my side!
I'm begging you,
Hina. Please, run!
I know what you want,
but not why.
It's because... Because I...
Hina. I wanna protect you
because I love you!
[YOTA]
With all my heart.
You get it now?
[gasps] Really. I never
thought the day would come
when I'd hear that from
somebody besides Grampa.
Not just me.
Mom and Dad and Sora and
all our friends who came here
to help us put
the movie together.
We all love you!
And we all wanna
help you, so please run!
'Tis of no use.
For wheresoever we may go,
so too might they follow.
Indeed there can be no
place on all the earth
beyond their grasp.
You're wrong.
There has to be somewhere!
But forsooth,
I am an omniscient god.
My eyes see all things.
And I say to thee,
no such place exists.
No! It does. I'm sure!
[gasps] Yota.
Do thine eyes weep?
We'll find somewhere safe.
Run with me!
Thanks to thee, Yota.
As all things must pass,
so shall my summer with thee.
But this warmth
that fills my heart.
If this alone I may
yet carry with me,
then I shall be satisfied.
[YOTA gasps]
Yota!
Get away from her!
No!
Go, Hina! Please run!
'Tis no use.
Run!
I am forever grateful
to thee, Yota.
For to speak plainly...
...I, too, love thee
most dearly.
Don't go. Hina!
Hina!